# Agenda Meeting

11 March 2019

Chair: Himanshu

Noter: Ijsbrand

##Do

- What did the group accomplish in this past week. Were there any blocking issues?
- Are all issues assigned to this week completed. If not why?

## Doing

1. What is the goal of the upcoming week?
2. How are we going to achieve this?
3. Is it already been added to the scrum board?
4. Is there anything that can be done more efficiently regards to programming the system?


## Questions to TA

1. What is the severity of user security in this project?
2. Would adding security features be counted towards bonus points?
3. How are bonus points awarded? Per feature or overall?
