{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 OOPP group 10\
meeting 3 agenda 25/02/19\
\
Do :\
- present our first version of our go-green application to TA\
- work on further implementing\
- ... (things to add)\
\
Discuss : \
- what did everyone do and  were there any problems ?\
- what did we accomplish last week and what still needs to be finished?\
- what are we going to implement for the next deadline and add it to the scrum board\
- any ideas on how we could do things better/ more efficient? something else we want to discuss\
    > we build a basic http request with and without spring. Let's evaluate how this could've been done more efficiently\
    > let's plan testing more thoroughly\
- creation of the product backlog\
    > user stories\
    > MoSCoW - create labels\
- add 'testing' column on our SCRUM board as Andy explicitly mentioned it\
- take notes every meeting, not just monday (at least: action points, evaluation points)\
- maven code review\
- Mockito research\
- pipeline research\
- using MVC for the GUI\
- using merge requests for code reviews (four eyes principle)\
- questions for Jacky\
	> DB on git or not?\
	> username should be a nickname? Or name/surname?\
- What can we do better for the upcoming weeks?\
- Which values should we add to our create account form.\
- We should talk about how we can protect our master branch, because we can lose points !!\
\
}